-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
♪ Adventure Time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the Dog
and Finn the Human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time ♪
Ripped By mstoll
What's up?
Nothing. I don't know.
If anybody wants some tea,
it'll be ready
in a few minutes.
Aah!
Evil, evil, evil, evil, evil, evil,
evil, evil, evil, evil.
Evil!
Whoa! Flame King!
Father!
Oh. Uh, uh, I'm sorry.
I-I thought my daughter
was alone.
I'll just be going.
Uh, nice teapot.
Ew.
What was that?
He was saying, "evil, evil, evil,"
over and over again.
Yeah, I-I heard.
Oh, I wasn't sure if you heard,
'cause he was whispering.
Yeah. I heard.
Ugh. He's so annoying.
I was just trying
to help!
Oh, no.
Not you Jake... my dad.
I always catch him whispering
stuff into my ear
while I'm not
paying attention.
He keeps saying I'm evil.
Whoa.
You best not be believing
that whack bunk.
He's trying to make your life bad
so you'll think you're evil.
But you're really not!
How can I know for sure?
- Dungeons.
- What?
Let's go have a good time
in a dungeon or something.
That always clears my head
and reminds me of what's what.
And...
that'll make me good?
No. That'll show you
not to worry so much,
'cause you're already
good... in here.
Okay. Yeah! Let's do it!
- Dungeons!
Chamomile tea.
Is this how you look
for a dungeon?
Ye-e-e-ah.
A lot of times,
the entrances are hidden,
so you got to look
under rocks and stuff
for a secret switch.
Sometimes it takes a while.
Hmm.
I'll just use my heat sense.
That tree over there
is not made of wood.
Really?
Ha ha! Yes!
Yeah. Whoo!
Ha ha! Yeah!
Ooh! Gauntlet!
Thanks for taking me out,
Finn.
No prob, Bob.
Light this for me, will ya?
Oh, sure.
Uh, do we need a torch?
I'm sort of made of fire.
Oh.
Well, I guess torches are just
cool for dungeons, you know?
Oh. Okay.
Yeah, I'd like to hang
onto it.
Boy, this place is creepy.
Really? I feel like
it's trying too hard.
Gold piece!
Oh, you mean, like,
with all the skulls?
- Whoa. Whoa.
- What?
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Burning you alive!
No. No. Wait a sec.
Sorry... one second.
- Sure.
He might have important
loot on him,
so we don't want to
just burn him up.
Plus, it's a little cruel,
even for an evil guy.
Check this out.
You're gonna surrender!
Okay. Okay. I surrender.
I shall grant thee clemency...
if you do the splits.
Do the splits!
I-I can... I can't do
the s-splits.
Do the splits, thou
milk-livered maggot pie!
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow,
ow, ow, ow.
See? A lot of times
you can overpower
these guys with confidence.
Neat.
Got any loot on ya?
Just this map.
It'll... it'll help you.
Ha! See?
This would have been burned.
Yeah... no, that makes sense.
- What else ya got?
- A-a-a-a-aah!
There's a treasure chest
in the corner.
Please stop yelling.
I knew it.
Aw! Cram it to the butternuts...
it's locked!
I don't know
where the key is!
Please don't yell!
All right.
We can come back
to that later.
Hey, are you having fun?
Uh-huh.
I... I'll just stay here.
Race you to the next monster!
Whoa! Whoa!
What?
Well, that's not how you do
things in a dungeon.
You gotta sneak.
- Sneak?
Like this.
And you gotta look around.
Tah, tah, tah. Tah. Tah.
Okay, this guy is too big
to intimidate,
but I have a plan.
First, you shoot some fire
at that rope.
The chandelier falls,
distracts the monster.
We run in...
element of surprise.
- Wow.
- You ready?
Yeah.
Before we go in,
how good are you
at quietly throwing
a tiny bit of fire?
Uh, what?
Like on a scale of one
to a hundred,
how good are you
at quietly throwing
a tiny bit of fire
at a rope 50 feet away?
Uh...
Scale of one to a
hundred.
- 42.
- 42!
Well, I don't know.
I never rated myself.
No, that's cool.
That's cool.
Just try and hit that rope.
Hmm.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm good.
- It's a hologram.
- Oh. Neat.
So, uh,
should we keep going?
Yeah.
Although, it does raise
the question...
why would someone go
through the trouble
of setting up a hologram...
unless they've hidden something
in this room?
Hey! Wake up!
I was meditating.
Look what I fo-o-und.
A key.
We have to go back?
We don't have to...
we get to.
Come on.
Ah.
♪ Dungeon crawl ♪
♪ It's the greatest crawl
of all ♪
♪ No crawl's too small ♪
♪ For a dungeon crawl ♪
See?
That didn't take long at all.
And now we get treasure.
Okay.
Nope. This key is
for something else.
Oh, well.
♪ A dungeon crawl ♪
♪ It's the greatest
crawl of all ♪
♪ We're going back
to where we were ♪
♪ It's a dungeon crawl ♪
Geez, this is
kind of boring.
At least he's walking fast.
♪ Do, do, do ♪
That's where I found the key.
Snap dragons!
Take my place. Take my place.
Take my... aah!
Scatterfire!
No! No!
We shake them down first,
remember?
He wanted me
to take his place.
Man.
Ooh! Hold on.
Ha ha! It's another key!
We get to go back
to the beginning.
Whoo-hoo!
Finn, I'm not
having any fun.
What? Why?
Well, you keep wanting me
to do things your way,
but I don't like doing things
your way.
Is that because I am evil?
What?
No way. That's... no!
Uh... hey, you know what?
Let's do things your way.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I've been acting
an uncouth lout, milady.
Okay.
So there's a door over there.
What do you want to do?
I... burn it down.
Okay. Yeah.
That worked.
Now what do you do?
Yee.
Aah.
Good... good job, F. P.
Thanks, "F" the "H."
Ugh! Doors.
Burn! Burn! Burn!
What?
Oh, sham, ma'am.
It's a legion of goo skulls!
Uh, how do you defend?
Snake fire!
Fire burn goop.
Yes! Feel my flames,
puny worms!
The power of destruction!
Aah!
Flame Princess!
Hmm?
Help me!
But don't use fire 'cause,
well, you know, it...
Release him!
Or feel the wrath
of the Princess of Flames!
Pbht!
Very well.
Do the splits!
Do the splits, thou milk-livered
maggot pie!
Whoo!
Hot Daniel, Flame Princess.
I thought you were going
to burn me alive.
No way.
I'd never do that
to my boyfriend.
Thanks, Finn.
That was a really awesome
experience.
Dungeons totes
clear your head, right?
Mm-hmm.
I forgot how good it feels
to destroy stuff.
- Uh...
- I mean, like, evil stuff.
Oh, yeah. Cool.
We should go again sometime.
Do you know of any other
dungeons?
Maybe next time we
should just go to, like...
a farmers' market.
And burn it.
Hmm.
Try this key.
What is it?
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ And the butterflies and bees ♪
♪ We can wander through the forest ♪
♪ And do so as we please ♪
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ To a cliff under a tree ♪
Ripped By mstoll
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org